About the job
Who We Are

Zinnia is the leading technology platform for accelerating life and annuities growth. With innovative enterprise solutions and data insights, Zinnia simplifies the experience of buying, selling, and administering insurance products. All of which enables more people to protect their financial futures. Our success is driven by a commitment to three core values: be bold, team up, deliver value – and that we do. Zinnia has over $180 billion in assets under administration, serves 100+ carrier clients, 2500 distributors and partners, and over 2 million policyholders.

Who You Are

We are seeking a highly skilled Staff API Developer. As a Staff API Developer, you will be responsible for designing, documenting, and maintaining the enterprise APIs using industry’s best practices and standards. You will work closely with our fellow engineers to implement API gateway capabilities and automate the process for the rest of the Zinnia teams to consume. You will collaborate closely with developers in API management team to create and implement CI/CD process to deploy enterprise APIs and API gateway capabilities.

What You’ll Do

Design, document, and implement API standards and best practices for Zinnia enterprise APIs.
Collaborate with the API management team to implement API gateway capabilities such as traceability, monitoring, security, and analytics.
Design and maintain Zinnia’s next level enterprise Search with natural language capabilities and scalability across multiple resources and dataset.
Write and maintain existing and new enterprise APIs with polyglot architecture and languages
Understand the existing software development and deployment lifecycle for the API management team and help implement the improvements to better the existing process.
Catalog existing APIs.
Create and maintain developer portal for the enterprise APIs.
Implement and automate the unit, functional, integration and contract testing for all internal and external APIs.
Write high-quality, scalable, maintainable, and performant code.
Conduct code reviews to ensure high-quality, maintainable code.
Make technical decisions and provide technical guidance to the development team.
Integrate the enterprise IAM solution for all internal and external APIs.

What You’ll Need

6+ years of software development experience.
Experience developing and deploying in a cloud-native environment.
Experience with Languages like .NET, Java, typescript.
Experience working with API gateways (Apigee, Kong).
Working knowledge of common DevOps tasks (Environment provisioning, CI/CD Pipelines, and application monitoring). Bonus: working knowledge of fully containerized environment.
Excellent work ethic. Ability to work and travel independently. Effective strategic thinking skills.
Expert level communication, interpersonal, and critical thinking skills. Expert level troubleshooting skills.
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment.
Strong understanding of software development principles and design patterns.
Proven experience designing and maintaining versioned APIs.
Experience with AWS services such as Lambda, EC2, S3, etc.
Stay up to date with the latest trends and technologies in API development.

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?

Zinnia offers excellent career progression and competitive compensation. We offer great benefits, including health/dental insurance, parental leave, 401(k), incentive/bonus opportunity, tuition reimbursement, and so much more. We’re looking for the best and brightest innovators in the industry to join our team. At Zinnia, you collaborate with smart, creative professionals who are dedicated to delivering cutting-edge technologies, deeper data insights, and enhanced services to transform how insurance is done. Visit our website at www.zinnia.com for more information. Apply by completing the online application on the careers section of our website. We are an Equal Opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.

Notice for California residents: Information about how we collect and use your personal information can be found here
